src/content/docs/hyperdrive/examples/nile.mdx, before:

---
type: example
summary: Connect Hyperdrive to a Nile database instance.
pcx_content_type: example
title: Connect to Nile
sidebar:
  order: 3
description: Connect Hyperdrive to a Nile database instance.
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

This example shows you how to connect Hyperdrive to a [Nile](https://thenile.dev) PostgreSQL database instance.

Nile is PostgreSQL re-engineered for multi-tenant applications. Nile's virtual tenant databases provide you with isolation, placement, insight, and other features for your tenant's data and embedding. Refer to [Nile documentation](https://www.thenile.dev/docs/getting-started/whatisnile) to learn more.

## 1. Allow Hyperdrive access

You can connect Cloudflare Hyperdrive to any Nile database in your workspace using its connection string - either with a new set of credentials, or using an existing set.

### Nile console

To get a connection string from Nile console:

1. Log in to [Nile console](https://console.thenile.dev), then select a database.
2. On the left hand menu, click **Settings** (the bottom-most icon) and then select **Connection**.
3. Click on the elephant, and you will see a connection string.
4. If you want a new pair of credentials to use with Cloudflare Hyperdrive (recommended), click **Generate credentials**.
5. Copy the connection string without the "psql" part.

You will have obtained a connection string similar to the following:

```txt
    postgres://0191c898-...:4d7d8b45-...@eu-central-1.db.thenile.dev:5432/my_database
```

With the connection string, you can now create a Hyperdrive database configuration.

## 2. Create a database configuration

<Render file="create-hyperdrive-config" />

Commit message:

Update Nile's hyperdrive example per thomasgauvin feedback

src/content/docs/hyperdrive/examples/nile.mdx, after:

---
type: example
summary: Connect Hyperdrive to a Nile database instance.
pcx_content_type: example
title: Connect to Nile
sidebar:
  order: 3
description: Connect Hyperdrive to a Nile database instance.
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

This example shows you how to connect Hyperdrive to a [Nile](https://thenile.dev) PostgreSQL database instance.

Nile is PostgreSQL re-engineered for multi-tenant applications. Nile's virtual tenant databases provide you with isolation, placement, insight, and other features for your tenant's data and embedding. Refer to [Nile documentation](https://www.thenile.dev/docs/getting-started/whatisnile) to learn more.

## 1. Allow Hyperdrive access

You can connect Cloudflare Hyperdrive to any Nile database in your workspace using its connection string - either with a new set of credentials, or using an existing set.

### Nile console

To get a connection string from Nile console:

1. Log in to [Nile console](https://console.thenile.dev), then select a database.
2. On the left hand menu, click **Settings** (the bottom-most icon) and then select **Connection**.
3. Select the PostgreSQL logo to show the connection string. 
4. Select **Generate credentials** to generate new credentials.
5. Copy the connection string (without the "psql" part).

You will have obtained a connection string similar to the following:

```txt
    postgres://0191c898-...:4d7d8b45-...@eu-central-1.db.thenile.dev:5432/my_database
```

With the connection string, you can now create a Hyperdrive database configuration.

## 2. Create a database configuration

<Render file="create-hyperdrive-config" />
